There are four people in the image. One person is walking with a backpack, another person is riding a bicycle, a third person is standing and looking at the bicyclist, and the fourth person is sitting on a bench. Other than people, there are trees, a trash bin, and two manhole covers visible in the image.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person appears to be walking, the second person is also walking but further away, the third person is riding a skateboard, and the fourth person is also on a skateboard. Other than people, there are two manhole covers visible on the ground.
There are five people in the image. One person is riding a scooter, two people are standing and talking, one person is walking, and another person is sitting on the ground. Other than people, there are trees, a trash bin, and two manhole covers visible in the image.
There are five people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking towards the right, the second person is also walking towards the right, the third person is walking in the opposite direction, the fourth person is walking towards the right, and the fifth person is walking towards the left. Other than people, there are trees, a trash bin, a signpost, and a pavement.
There are five people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person appears to be walking, the second person is also walking, the third person is standing and looking down, the fourth person is walking, and the fifth person is walking. Other than people, there are trees, a pathway, a trash bin, and some signage in the image.
There are five people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person appears to be walking, the second person is also walking, the third person seems to be in motion, possibly running, the fourth person is also walking, and the fifth person is walking. Other than people, there are trees, a trash bin, a signpost, and a few manhole covers visible in the image.
There are four people in the image. One person is riding a bicycle, another person is walking with a bag, and two other people are standing and chatting. Other than people, there are trees, a road, a trash bin, and two manhole covers visible in the image.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking with a bicycle, another person is standing and looking at the bicycle, and the third person is walking away from the bicycle. Other than people, there are two manhole covers on the ground and a trash bin on the left side.
There are 10 people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack, the second person is riding a bicycle, the third person is standing and looking at the bicyclist, the fourth person is walking with a bag, the fifth person is standing and looking at the bicyclist, the sixth person is walking with a bag, the seventh person is standing and looking at the bicyclist, the eighth person is walking with a bag, the ninth person is standing and looking at the bicyclist, and the tenth person is walking with a bag. Apart from the people, there are trees, a trash bin, and two manhole covers in the image.
There are six people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking, the second person is also walking, the third person is standing and looking at the ground, the fourth person is riding a tricycle, the fifth person is walking with a bag, and the sixth person is walking with a child. Other than people, there are trees, a tricycle, a sidewalk, and a few manhole covers.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack. The second person is walking with a trolley. The third person is walking with a bag. The fourth person is walking with a bicycle. Other than people, there are two manhole covers on the ground and a few trees and plants in the background.
There are 7 people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is riding a bicycle. The second person is walking with a backpack. The third person is also walking. The fourth person is walking with a bag. The fifth person is walking with a backpack. The sixth person is walking with a bag. The seventh person is walking. Apart from people, there are trees, a pathway, and some signs.
There are five people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking towards the right, the second person is walking with a backpack and holding something in their hand, the third person is also walking with a backpack and seems to be looking down, the fourth person is walking away from the camera, and the fifth person is walking towards the camera. Other than people, there are trees, a pathway, and some signs.
There are 7 people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack. The second person is also walking, but further down the path. The third person is walking with a purple backpack and appears to be running or jogging. The fourth person is walking with a white shirt and a backpack. The fifth person is walking with a green shirt and a backpack. The sixth person is walking with a white shirt and a backpack. The seventh person is walking with a white shirt and a backpack. Other than people, there are trees, a pathway, and some manhole covers visible in the image.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another is walking towards the right, and the third person is on a bicycle moving towards the left. Other than people, there are two manhole covers on the ground, some trees, and a wall.
There are two people in the image. One person is walking, and the other is riding a bicycle. Other than people, there are trees, a trash bin, a sign, and a pavement.
There are two people in the image. One person appears to be walking towards the van, while the other person is walking away from the van. Other than people, there is a white van, some trees, a sidewalk, and a few manhole covers on the ground.
There are three people in the image. One person is riding a bicycle, another is walking, and the third person is standing near a tree. Other than people, there are trees, a bicycle, a pavement, and a few signs.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person appears to be walking with a bag on their shoulder. The second person is also walking, but further away. The third person is walking with a backpack. The fourth person is on a scooter. Other than people, there are two manhole covers on the ground, a trash bin, and some plants.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking with a backpack, another person is walking with a bag, and the third person is on a skateboard. Other than people, there are two manhole covers on the ground and a trash bin.
There are four people in the image. One person is walking towards the store, another is walking away from the store, one person is riding a bicycle, and another person is sitting on a bench. Other than people, there are cars parked outside the store, a bicycle stand, and a red cone.
There are five people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a bag, the second person is walking with an umbrella, the third person is walking with a pink backpack, the fourth person is riding a bicycle, and the fifth person is standing near the entrance of a building. Other than people, there are cars parked, a building with glass doors, and a red bicycle.
There are five people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack, the second person is also walking, the third person is in a red shirt and appears to be walking, the fourth person is in a white shirt and seems to be walking, and the fifth person is in a blue shirt and is also walking. Other than people, there is a pedestrian crossing, a fence, some plants, and a building in the background.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is running, the second person is standing still, the third person is also standing still, and the fourth person is walking. Other than people, there is a pedestrian crossing, a railing, some plants, and a road.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another is walking towards the right, and the third person is standing near the center. Other than people, there are trees, benches, and pathways visible in the image.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person appears to be walking, the second person is running, the third person is also running, and the fourth person is standing near a tree. Other than people, there are trees, benches, and a pathway.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person appears to be walking with a bag. The second person is also walking, but further away. The third person is standing near a tree, and the fourth person is sitting on a bench. Other than people, there are trees, benches, and a paved path.
There are four people in the image. One person is running, two are walking, and one is standing. Other than people, there are trees, a bench, and a pathway.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person appears to be walking with a bag on their shoulder. The second person is also walking, but they are closer to the center of the image. The third person is walking towards the right side, and the fourth person is walking in the opposite direction. Apart from the people, there are trees, benches, and pathways visible in the image.
There are three people in the image. One person is standing and looking at the skateboarder, another person is walking with a bag, and the third person is walking away from the camera. Other than people, there are trees, a skateboard, and a bench visible in the image.
There are four people in the image. One person is jumping in the air, another person is walking towards the bridge, the third person is also walking towards the bridge, and the fourth person is standing near the railing of the bridge. Other than people, there are trees, a bridge, a railing, and a pathway visible in the image.
There are four people in the image. One person is jumping in the air, another person is walking towards the bridge, the third person is also walking towards the bridge, and the fourth person is standing near the railing of the bridge. Other than people, there are trees, a pathway, a bridge, and some grassy areas in the image.
There are five people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person appears to be walking, the second person is running, the third person is also running, the fourth person is walking, and the fifth person is walking. Other than people, there are trees, a bridge, a railing, a pavement, and a water body in the image.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking, another is running, and the third is standing. Other than people, there are trees, a bridge, a railing, a pavement, and a drain cover visible in the image.
There are two people in the image. One person is riding a bicycle, and the other is walking. Other than people, there are several posters on the building's glass door, a yellow pipe running along the top of the building, and a manhole cover on the ground.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another is walking towards the right, and the third person is walking further away on the right side. Other than people, there is a zebra crossing, a fence, a body of water, and some trees.
There are 10 people visible in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack, the second person is also walking with a backpack, the third person is walking with a bag, the fourth person is walking with a backpack, the fifth person is walking with a bag, the sixth person is walking with a backpack, the seventh person is walking with a bag, the eighth person is walking with a bag, and the ninth person is walking with a bag. On the right side of the image, there are trees and a building.
There are five people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack. The second person is riding a skateboard. The third person is walking with a bag. The fourth person is also walking. The fifth person is walking with a backpack. Other than people, there are trees, lampposts, a covered walkway, and a building in the image.
There are 10 people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with an umbrella, the second person is walking with a bag, the third person is bending down, the fourth person is walking with a backpack, the fifth person is walking with a bag, the sixth person is walking with a backpack, the seventh person is walking with a bag, the eighth person is walking with a bag, and the ninth person is walking with a bag. On the right side of the image, there is a map or information board and a tree.
There are five people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person appears to be walking towards the building. The second person is walking in the opposite direction. The third person is walking towards the building, and the fourth person is walking away from the building. The fifth person is walking towards the building. Other than people, there are trees, benches, a building, and a pathway.
There are three people visible in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another is walking towards the right, and the third person is standing near the building. Other than people, there are trees, benches, a building, and some pathways.
There are three people visible in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another is walking towards the right, and the third person is standing near the center. Other than people, there are trees, benches, a building, and a pathway.
There are three people visible in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another is walking towards the right, and the third person is on a scooter. Other than people, there are trees, benches, a building, and a pathway.
There are three people in the image. One person is riding a scooter, another person is walking with a bag, and the third person is walking alone. Other than people, there are trees, benches, a building, and a paved pathway.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking, another is riding a scooter, and the third person is sitting on a bench. Other than people, there are trees, a building, a paved path, and some plants.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another person is walking towards the right, and the third person is standing still in the middle. Other than people, there are trees, benches, and buildings in the image.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking with a backpack, another person is riding a bicycle, and the third person is standing and looking at a mobile phone. Other than people, there is a water body, a bridge, and a railing in the image.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking alone. The second person is walking with a person on a bicycle. The third person is also walking alone. The fourth person is walking with another person on a bicycle. Other than people, there are trees, a bench, a lamp post, and a building in the image.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another is walking towards the right, and the third person is standing near a tree. Other than people, there are trees, a lamp post, a bench, and a building in the image.
There are four people in the image. One person is walking, another is riding a bicycle, and the other two are standing. Apart from the people, there are trees, a bench, a lamp post, and a pathway.
There are two people in the image. One person is sitting on the left side, and the other is sitting on the right side. Other than people, there are two manhole covers on the ground, some plants, and a trash bin.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another is walking towards the right, and the third person is walking in the middle. Other than people, there are two manhole covers on the ground, some plants, and a trash bin.
There are three people in the image. One person is standing near the building, another is walking away from the building, and the third person is walking towards the building. Other than people, there are trees, a trash bin, two manhole covers, and a pathway.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another is walking towards the right, and the third person is standing still in the middle. Other than people, there are two manhole covers on the ground, some plants, and a trash bin.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another is walking towards the right, and the third person is standing near the center. Other than people, there are two signs, a trash bin, two manhole covers, and a few trees.
There are two people in the image. One person appears to be walking towards the left, while the other seems to be walking towards the right. Other than people, there are two manhole covers on the ground, a trash bin, and a signpost with a red arrow pointing to the left.
There are five people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking towards the right, the second person is walking in the same direction but slightly ahead of the first, the third person is walking towards the right, the fourth person is walking in the same direction as the third, and the fifth person is walking towards the right. Other than people, there are trees, a road sign, a trash bin, and two manhole covers in the image.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking towards the right. The second person is also walking towards the right, but slightly behind the first. The third person is walking in the opposite direction, towards the left. The fourth person is standing near the center of the image, seemingly waiting or looking around. Other than people, there are trees, a road sign, a trash bin, and a few other unidentifiable objects in the image.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking towards the right. The second person is also walking towards the right, but slightly behind the first. The third person is walking in the opposite direction, towards the left. The fourth person is standing on the right side, near a tree. Other than people, there are trees, a road, a wall, and some signs.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking with a bicycle, another person is walking alone, and the third person is walking with another person. Other than people, there are two manhole covers on the ground, some plants, and a building on the left side.
There are 10 people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack. The second person is walking with a bag. The third person is walking with a backpack. The fourth person is walking with a bag. The fifth person is walking with a bag. The sixth person is walking with a bag. The seventh person is walking with a bag. The eighth person is walking with a bag. The ninth person is walking with a bag. The tenth person is walking with a bag. Apart from the people, there are trees, a trash bin, and two manhole covers in the image.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack. The second person is walking with a bag on their shoulder. The third person is walking with a drink in their hand. The fourth person is walking with a suitcase. Other than people, there are trees, a pathway, and a few manhole covers visible in the image.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another person is walking towards the right, and the third person is standing near the center. Other than people, there are two manhole covers on the ground, some trees, and a wall.
There are two people in the image. One person is walking away from the camera, and the other person is walking towards the camera. Other than people, there are trees, a trash bin, two manhole covers, and a sign.
There are two people in the image. One person appears to be walking while the other seems to be following closely behind. Other than people, there are trees, a pathway, a wall, and some signs.
There are two people in the image. One person is walking with a yellow cart, and the other person is standing near the cart. Other than people, there are two manhole covers on the ground, a trash bin, and some trees and plants.
There are two people in the image. One person appears to be walking, while the other seems to be standing or waiting. Other than people, there are trees, a pathway, a wall, and some signs.
There are seven people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack, the second person is also walking with a backpack, the third person is walking with a bag, the fourth person is walking with a backpack, the fifth person is walking with a bag, the sixth person is walking with a backpack, and the seventh person is walking with a backpack. Other than people, there are two manhole covers visible in the image.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person appears to be walking with a backpack. The second person is also walking, but slightly behind the first. The third person is walking with a skateboard. The fourth person is walking with a backpack. Other than people, there are two manhole covers visible in the image.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person appears to be walking with a backpack. The second person is also walking, but further to the right. The third person seems to be walking with a bag or backpack as well. The fourth person is walking, but is closer to the center of the image. Other than people, there are two circular objects on the ground, possibly manhole covers or utility access points.
There are seven people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking towards the building, the second person is also walking towards the building, the third person is walking away from the building, the fourth person is walking towards the building, the fifth person is walking away from the building, the sixth person is walking towards the building, and the seventh person is walking away from the building. Other than people, there are cars parked in the background and a building with glass doors.
There is one person in the image. He appears to be walking or standing on the road. Other than the person, there are road markings, a pedestrian crossing, a fence, some plants, and a building in the background.
There are no people visible in the image. The image primarily showcases a road with a pedestrian crossing, a fence, some plants, and a building in the background.
There are two people in the image. One person is standing on the left side, and the other person is standing on the right side. The person on the left seems to be looking down, possibly at their phone or another object, while the person on the right appears to be waiting or looking in the direction of the crosswalk. Other than people, there are pedestrian crosswalk markings, a fence, some plants, and a building in the image.
There are two people in the image. One person is walking across the zebra crossing, and the other person is standing on the sidewalk. Other than people, there are zebra crossing stripes, a pedestrian crossing sign, a railing, plants, and a building in the image.
There are two people in the image. One person is walking on the pedestrian crossing, and the other person is standing on the sidewalk. Other than people, there are cars, a pedestrian crossing marking, a railing, and some plants in the image.
There are two people in the image. One person is walking on the pedestrian crossing, and the other person is standing on the sidewalk. Other than people, there are pedestrian crossings, a railing, trees, and a building.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another is walking towards the right, and the third person is standing near the center. Other than people, there are trees, benches, and a pathway.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another is walking towards the right, and the third person is standing and looking at a mobile phone. Other than people, there are trees, benches, and a pathway.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking with a bag, another person is walking with a backpack, and the third person is walking alone. Other than people, there are trees, benches, and a pathway in the image.
There are five people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack. The second person is walking with a bag on their shoulder. The third person is walking with a backpack. The fourth person is walking with a bag on their shoulder. The fifth person is walking with a backpack. Other than people, there are trees, benches, and a trash bin in the image.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack, the second person is walking alone, the third person is also walking alone, and the fourth person is walking with another person. Other than people, there are trees, benches, and a building in the image.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another person is walking towards the right, and the third person is standing near the center. Other than people, there are trees, benches, and a pathway.
There are two people in the image. One person is standing on the left side of the path, facing away from the camera, and the other person is standing on the right side, facing the camera. Other than people, there are trees, a bridge, a railing, and a building in the image.
There are no people visible in the image. The other elements in the image include a paved path, trees, a bridge, a railing, and some buildings in the background.
There is one person in the image. He appears to be standing on the road, possibly waiting or looking in a particular direction. Other than the person, there are trees, a bridge, a railing, and a pavement visible in the image.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking, the second person is standing and looking towards the bridge, the third person is walking towards the bridge, and the fourth person is standing on the bridge. Other than people, there are trees, a pathway, a bridge, and some architectural structures in the image.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the entrance, another is walking out of the entrance, and the third person is standing near the entrance. Other than people, there are posters on the wall, a fire hydrant, and a manhole cover on the ground.
There are two people in the image. One person is standing on the left side, looking towards the water, and the other person is sitting on the right side, facing away from the water. Other than people, there are trees, a fence, a pedestrian crossing, a railing, a building, and a water body in the image.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person appears to be walking, the second person is also walking, the third person is standing and looking towards the water, and the fourth person is walking towards the right. Other than people, there is a zebra crossing, a water body, a fence, some trees, and a building.
There are five people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking towards the camera. The second person is walking in the opposite direction. The third person is standing near the railing, looking down. The fourth person is walking towards the railing, and the fifth person is walking away from the camera. Other than people, there is a zebra crossing, a railing, a water body, and some trees.
There are 10 people visible in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack, the second person is also walking with a backpack, the third person is walking with a yellow backpack, the fourth person is walking with a black backpack, the fifth person is walking with a white backpack, the sixth person is walking with a black backpack, the seventh person is walking with a yellow backpack, the eighth person is walking with a black backpack, and the ninth person is walking with a black backpack. In the background, there are trees, a building, and a canopy structure.
There are four people in the image. One person is walking towards the bridge, another is walking away from the bridge, and two are standing near the railing. The other elements in the image include a bridge, a canopy, trees, lampposts, and a pathway.
There are four people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking towards the bridge, the second person is walking away from the bridge, the third person is walking towards the bridge, and the fourth person is walking away from the bridge. Other than people, there are trees, a bridge, a pathway, lampposts, and a building.
There are five people in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack, the second person is also walking with a backpack, the third person is walking with an umbrella, the fourth person is standing near a tree, and the fifth person is walking towards the building. Other than people, there are trees, lampposts, a pathway, and a building with glass windows.
There are three people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, another is walking towards the right, and the third person is standing near the trees. Other than people, there are trees, a pathway, lampposts, and a building.
There are 10 people visible in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is walking with a backpack, the second person is also walking with a backpack, the third person is walking with a bag, the fourth person is walking with a backpack, the fifth person is walking with a bag, the sixth person is walking with a backpack, the seventh person is walking with a backpack, the eighth person is walking with a backpack, and the ninth person is walking with a backpack. On the right side of the image, there are trees and a building.
There are 10 people visible in the image. Starting from the left, the first person is looking down at a mobile device. The second person is walking with a backpack. The third person is also walking with a backpack. The fourth person is walking with a blue bag. The fifth person is walking with a white bag. The sixth person is walking with a red bag. The seventh person is walking with a black bag. The eighth person is walking with a white bag. The ninth person is walking with a black bag. The tenth person is walking with a white bag. Other than people, there are trees, lampposts, and a building in the image.
There are two people in the image. One person is walking towards the left, and the other is walking towards the right. Other than people, there are trees, a lamp post, and a bench visible in the image.
There are two people in the image. One person is standing and looking at a device, possibly a smartphone, while the other person is walking. Other than people, there are trees, a lamp post, benches, and a pathway.
